Clarify that Trace/Meter are associated with Instrumentation Scope (#2276)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/sdk_exporters/non-otlp.md

## Mappings

### InstrumentationScope

OpenTelemetry `InstrumentationScope`'s fields MUST be reported as key-value
pairs associated with the Span using the following mapping:

| OpenTelemetry InstrumentationScope Field | non-OTLP Key | Notes |
| ------------------- | --- | --- |
| `InstrumentationScope.name`|`otel.scope.name`|since 1.9.0|

> | `InstrumentationScope.version`|`otel.scope.version`|since 1.9.0|

Reviewer: Just noticed one more reference to the previous term here:
https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/common/attribute-naming.md#otel-namespace

Author: Fixed.

> The following deprecated aliases are also reported with exact same values for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following deprecated aliases MUST also be reported with exact same values for
```

Author: Fixed.

backward compatibility reasons:

| non-OTLP Key | Alias for | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- |

> |`otel.library.name`|`otel.scope.name`|deprecated since since 1.9.0|

Reviewer: Duplicate "since" and as per your last comment you'll need to bump this to v1.10

> |`otel.library.version`|`otel.scope.version`|deprecated since since 1.9.0|

Reviewer 2: Add a note since when.

Author: There is a note next to each attribute. Do you want something additional?
